[thudding, pounding]
-[man grunting]
-Dad! Please, stop it!
[both grunting]
[punches landing]
-[man grunting]
-[woman screaming]
[yells] Get away from her!
-[man screaming]
-[woman gasps] Oh, my God!
-[panting]
[announcer on TV] With five thousand
nine hundred and thirty points,
Barnaby is dominating the ranks!
Currently in hot pursuit of a suspect
wanted for robbery and murder,
Barnaby is poised to make history tonight!
Can Legend's longstanding record
finally be shattered
-by this newly crowned King of Heroes?
-[groans quietly]
[theme music]
[laughs]
[Barnaby grunts] Damned grasshopper!
[grunts]
[chuckles, gasps]
[announcer] Uh-oh!
Lunatic has appeared once again,
ladies and gentlemen!
[both gasping]
-All right!
-Ratings will be through the roof!
Repent, sinner. Your judgement is at hand.
[grasshopper groans]
No! Please! I'm begging you!
Oh, no you don't! [grunts]
Almost outta time!
Hey, Bunny, I'll lure this creep away.
You take care of the grasshopper!
[Barnaby Brooks Jr.] On it!
[both grunting]
[stammering, yelping]
[announcer on TV] Lunatic is a force
to be reckoned with,
but if anyone can take him on,
it's Tiger and Barnaby!
The stage is all yours, Lunatic.
Give the people a show.
-[gasps]
-What a joke.
[announcer on TV] Wait a minute!
Is Lunatic bowing out?!
You're kidding me. Is that it?
He's going to kill the whole segment.
[announcer on TV]
And the moment has finally arrived!
Barnaby has scored the most points
in a single quarter-season!
Legend's record has been broken!
Well, guess this'll do.
[chuckles] Thanks for saving
my skin back there, hero.
-That's enough out of you. Come on.
-[grunts, groans]
Ladies and gentlemen,
here to deliver a congratulatory speech,
I present to you
Mr. Albert Maverick!
Well, what can I say?
I tip my hat to you, Barnaby. Well done.
As we all know, Mr. Legend held
on to the top spot for years,
right up until the day he died.
An entire generation has been inspired
by his legacy.
He truly was a hero amongst heroes.
But today, we've witnessed the birth
of a new legend.
A young hero for a new age!
I'm sure it won't be long before you set
a record for this season!
I can only hope that such talent
and grace will inspire
every hero to follow your shining example!
[crowd applauding]
[Barnaby] What's the matter?
The room getting too stuffy for you?
Hmm?
What about your party?
It's not going anywhere.
Thanks, by the way.
Huh?
You let me make that arrest tonight,
didn't you?
[laughs nervously] I wasn't
about to ruin your moment.
[Barnaby] Well, I couldn't have done this
without your help, Kotetsu.
Ah, come on, that's not true.
And anyway, I'm happy for you.
So is Mr. Maverick, by the looks of him.
You gotta love that guy.
He's like the patron saint of heroes.
Yeah. He's been like a father to me
for as long as I can remember.
What do you mean?
Well...
Mr. Maverick and my parents were
very good friends.
He would look after me whenever
they were tied up with their research.
He was always there for me,
whenever I needed him.
Even on that fateful Christmas Eve,
twenty-one years ago.
Thank you so much, Uncle Maverick!
I'll see you real soon, okay?
[giggling]
[Barnaby]
Moments later, my parents were killed.
[gunshot echoes]
[rain pattering]
It's time to go.
It's all right.
You won't ever be alone, son.
[Barnaby] After that, I was an orphan.
So Mr. Maverick took me in.
Starting today, this is going
to be your home.
[Barnaby]
He raised me like I was his own son.
[Kotetsu Kaburagi] Ah.
[Barnaby]
Even when I was at boarding school,
he was always looking out for me.
This bright young man has just won
the approval of the bureau.
So you'll all be seeing
a lot more of him!
Please welcome
the city of Sternbild's newest hero,
Barnaby Brooks Jr.!
[Barnaby] And he knew I was determined
to find my parents' killer,
-so he encouraged me to become a hero.
-[Maverick continues inaudibly]
Then he pulled all the right strings.
Without Mr. Maverick,
I wouldn't be here today.
That's a hell of a story.
[Barnaby] Until now, my only goal
in life has been to avenge my parents.
But after all this time,
I finally have a new one.
Huh?
I want the hero business Maverick built
to be bigger and better than ever.
I'm going to make it happen
to show my gratitude
for everything he's done for me
over the years.
I guess that you could say it's my dream.
[chuckles] Chasing the dream, huh?
-And what about yourself, Kotetsu?
-Huh?
-You must have a dream, too.
-[stammers nervously]
[gulps, exhales]
You know, I'm glad you asked!
'Cause I do! A big one!
I want my kid to think
her old man is cool.
But that's so simple!
Hey, what exactly is it you're trying
to say, huh?
Just that there's a difference between
having a dream and sentimental pining.
Ah, shut it! I'm not gonna judge myself
by your standards!
As far as I'm concerned,
it's an awesome dream.
I hope you're able
to get your wish someday.
[stutters]
Uh... I don't think that'll be happening
any time soon.
[sighing]
[Ben Jackson] It's very rare,
but some NEXT gradually lose
their abilities over time.
[groans]
Hmm.
[announcer on TV] Mr. Legend has gone
and set another record,
once again living up to his name.
[Yuri Petrov] Benoit Depardieu.
He has assaulted and murdered
nine women in the past two years.
Due to the fact that all of Benoit's
targets have been women,
he has aptly been dubbed
the "Lady Killer."
Real charmer, huh?
And you mentioned it was a civilian
who spotted him and tipped off the police?
[Yuri] That's right. We're currently
following up on the lead.
Time is of the essence here.
We need to have the heroes deal
with this in proper fashion
before Lunatic kills him.
Yes.
[club music plays]
[woman 1] What? You're the Lady Killer?
[woman 2] Oh, he's just joking!
[laughs] Of course I'm joking!
[sighs]
-Say, uh...
-[woman 1] Whoa!
Either of you ladies up for a little fun?
[woman 2 chuckles]
Trying to buy yourself a woman?
You're such a bad boy.
Yeah, but you like bad boys, don't you?
[shower faucet squeaking]
[water hissing]
-[man grunting]
-[woman groaning, screaming]
[thudding, pounding]
[grunting and groaning continue]
Don't you look at me like that!
I know what you're thinking.
That I'm some useless, broke down,
old loser, huh?
[whimpers, groans]
Dad, please, stop it!
-[Mr. Legend grunts]
-[Yuri groans]
[Origa screaming]
[yelling] Get away from her!
-[Mr. Legend screaming]
-[Origa gasps] Oh, my God!
You little shit! [grunts]
[groans]
[Origa sobbing]
[gasps]
[Mr. Legend screaming]
[screaming continues]
[panting]
[groans]
[Origa] How is it? Is it good?
A little bland, you say?
Yes, of course.
Ah, Yuri, my dear.
Would you pass me the vinegar?
I can't quite reach it.
[chuckling]
Don't mind Yuri, dear.
He's just rebelling a bit.
You know. Boys will be boys--
[gasps]
-[clattering]
-[groans]
[Yuri] Don't make me repeat myself, Mom.
Dad has been dead for years.
[whimpers]
And it is all because of you!
He was just going through some hard times!
He would have eventually gone back
to being the father he once used to be!
But you... [breathes heavily]
It's all your fault!
[grunts, sobs]
[screams] You! You!
[gasps] Why are you giving me that look?
Are you going to kill
me too? You're horrible!
[sobbing and screaming]
[grunting]
[panting]
-[phone rings]
-[Kotetsu] Huh?
[music playing]
[Ben] Over here!
-Ah!
-Hey!
[Kotetsu laughs] Funny to see you
on this side of town!
Uh, hey, I'll have a Legend's Cola.
So... What did you want
to talk to me about?
Brace yourself.
I went ahead and did some digging to see
what I could uncover about NEXT
that might have lost their powers.
And I came across something really big.
What is it?
[Ben] Well, I hate to tell you this,
but, as it turns out,
Legend also suffered
a decline in his powers.
Say what?!
Hey, come on, keep it down.
Uh, yeah, sorry. Oh, hey, Legend's Cola!
[chuckles] Thanks.
There's just no way that can be true!
Do you have any proof?
[Ben] I recently spoke with a guy
that was a hero during Legend's time.
And they had no reason to lie to me.
That's crazy. Legend set a record
that no one could touch for years, Ben.
-A hero like that wouldn't be--
-Trust me. I know how you feel.
When I first found out, I certainly
didn't wanna believe it either.
Apparently when his powers started to go,
they began staging the program
on a regular basis.
They'd let the other heroes do the work,
rounding up the criminals,
and then give Legend the actual credit
for making the arrest.
[Kotetsu gasps] Are you serious?
[Ben] Not only that, they even went as far
as erasing any arrest records
that made him look bad.
[Kotetsu] So that's why there were
no records on Jake.
[Ben] With his powers declining,
I guess he had no choice.
Otherwise, it would've been impossible
to remain at the top.
I'm told that Legend was torn up about it.
They say he drowned himself in alcohol.
So how are you holding up?
You notice any decline in your powers?
[sighs]
[Kotetsu] Yeah, sort of.
[Ben] I see... Look, let me give
you some advice.
You should start thinking
about what to do with your life
before you end up like Legend.
[Kotetsu] I don't wanna quit being a hero.
[Ben] Hey, come on, I don't
want you to quit either.
But you and I both know
you can't continue this work forever...
[Kotetsu sighs]
[Ben] Listen, I'm saying this
for your own good.
-[Kotetsu yells] I'm not done yet!
-[thud, clattering]
[sighs]
[car lock beeps]
That makes you a hero, too.
[inhales breathlessly]
[chuckling]
[groaning]
Yuri, if you ever see people doing
wrong in this world,
you mustn't turn a blind eye.
You have to be strong someday,
so you can punish evil.
Okay.
You'll be a chip off the old block, son.
-[glass shattering]
-[Origa gasps]
[Mr. Legend] Why? Why are my powers
slipping away?!
It's going to be all right, dear.
You've done more than enough
for this city.
[Mr. Legend]
Shut up! You don't understand!
People are expecting me to do this!
I can't let it end like this!
[Mr. Legend screams]
What do you know about my pain?!
-[Mr. Legend] What I go through?
-[Origa whimpers]
I can't turn a blind eye anymore.
I have to be strong, no matter what!
[gasps, groans]
[Yuri] You again?
How long are you going
to torment me, father?
Do you still honestly believe
that striking me down
was the right thing to do?
Yes, and I continue to bring evil
to justice every single day!
[scoffs]
[woman screams] Someone help me!
-Huh?
-[woman] Somebody! Please!
[whimpers]
[grunts]
-[whimpers]
-[Benoit Depardieu] Now then...
-Time for your spanking, sweetheart.
-Hey! What do you think you're doin'?
-[Benoit] Huh?
-Please help me!
And who... might you be?
[grunts]
[Kotetsu gasps]
Tiger, I want you on the scene, pronto!
[Kotetsu over radio]
Sorry, little busy right now.
Excuse me?!
-You're one of 'em heroes, eh?
-[Kotetsu] So what if I am?
[Benoit chuckles]
[screaming]
[Kotetsu gasps]
[grunting]
-[grunts]
-[glass shattering]
Huh? Uh...
[both gasping]
Uh, hey, folks. Sorry to interrupt.
[chuckles nervously]
[Lunatic] The time for your
judgment has arrived.
[sighs]
Now, you didn't really think you'd escape
from a hero of justice, did you?
[Benoit] Aha!
[groaning]
Sorry, buddy. You're gonna have
to do better than that. Huh?
[gasps]
What do you know?
Looks like I'm doing better already, eh?
-[electricity crackles]
-[screams]
[cackles] Pathetic!
Don't they have any standards?
How did a weakling like you
become a hero of justice?
[groans]
[Benoit]
You ought to quit the hero business.
You can't even stop a normal human!
[announcer on TV] Barnaby
has successfully arrested the terrorists,
and has rescued countless civilians!
We heroes fight for justice
and the hardworking people of Sternbild.
-[cheering]
-[thud]
[cheering continues]
[man] Barnaby! Yeah!
[club music playing]
[Benoit] So... How would you like
a little spanking?
Sounds like fun.
Do I look like I've been bad?
[chuckling]
[dancers gasping]
-[all screaming]
-[dancer] Fire!
What the hell is that?
[Lunatic] Repent, sinner.
Your judgment is at hand.
You one of those heroes, too? All right,
already! I surrender! You happy?
Just kidding! [grunts]
[nervously] Sorry about that!
Guess my hand must have slipped!
The voice of Thanatos shall release you
from your dark curse.
And send you down the path
of atonement and rebirth.
[groans] Well, I guess the jig is up.
I know when I'm beat.
All right, pal, I'll come along quietly,
you happy?
What are you, deaf? I said I surrender.
Are you out of your mind?!
This isn't what heroes of justice are
supposed to do!
You made two mistakes, unfortunately.
First, I'm not a hero.
[whimpers]
[Lunatic]
And second, this is my idea of justice.
[theme music]